✨ Add IDs to headings (#24)
CollierCZ/markdoc-svelte: README.md

### Page table of contents

> When you have the [`headingIds` option](#heading-ids) set to `true`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have the [`headingIds` option](#heading-ids) enabled`,
```

Does the table of contents example work with both `headingIds: true` and `headingIds: customSluggerFunction`? If so, I think it's better with `enabled` than `set to true`.
